becuase the code is lone give me the code on 2 parts in two messages. give me the code <template> reply of this message. the i will ask you to give me the <script> and <style> part in next message.
note that i want to copy the codes so i need complete codes without any lack

i want you to just change the things that i said and dont touch anything else. because every thing is perfect
explain in farsi


assigning:
just the owner should be able to assign an item to one or more shared users with a note.
for assigning, user should choose one or more users, an item, and for each user writ a note(that tells what should the use do)
for choosing user, owner chooses a user from the shared users with role admin or owner. for choosing the item, owner chooses an item from the item in the layer of items that the assigning is happening. and for each assigning owner can write a note that tells what should the user do.
in each assigning, one item should be chosen, for that item, one or more user can be chosen.
note that when an item is assigned its subitems will the assigned the same as the item until the last layer

invitation:

the pending is sub is for the last shared user
when an user deletes his account he should be deleted from shared items
deleting item by owner?

call:
call should be about to happen with shared users via google meet
the target users should be notified (send the link or time and usernames in the call)
it can be arranged(optional)


there is a "call" button in the itemdetail page that is for making a call via google meet between users that are shared for an item.
so when user clicks on call, user should enter the reason of making the call. the list of shared users in the present item should be shown and user should be able to choose as many as he wants from them. the user who maked the call is the creator of the call. then, the call should be done via google meet with the chosen users.
note that calls should be shown in a box. each call has a status that can be "on call" or "finished". each call should be present in the from the creation for one one hour after finishing it. each call should have its details in a diolog (users in call, the time of call (if call has been finished the duration will be filles and if the status is on call it should be "-"), the reason of call, a discription of the call that only the call creator can fill it)
i want you to code only the front-end part. the back-end parts will be handled later.


until now no one except the owner could add a new item but from now on when an item is assigned to a user, the user can add new subitem only to the item that is assigned to him, too.
note that when such thing happens, the user role will still be admin in the new subitem. so his permissions is exactly like other items but because he created the new subitem the only thing that he can do more than other items is that he just can edit the new item detail

comment box

if an subitem is shared instead of an item the invite will be sent so the shared user will have its invitation, if he rejects it a message should be sent for the inviter and when he accepts it the invitation should be deleted these happens now based on my current codes and dont need to change
the thing that need to be changed is that the subitem that has been shared should be appeared in the homepage as an item (not its parents) and it has to contain its subitems until the last layer like other sharing senarios 
but now the invitation comes and when user accepts it, the invitation is gone but the item doesnt appear in his homepage!


forget pass page

**********
وقتی اونر اختصاص (assiged to) ادمینی که یه زیر ایتمی رو ساخته حذف میکنه (ینی دیگه نمیتونه برای اون زیر ایتمی که بهش اختصاص داده شده بود( و همه زیر ایتم های اون تا اخرین لایه) و الان دیگه نیست زیر ایتم بسازه یا با کسی به اشتراکش بذاره یا note بنویسه و ویرایش کنه یا details زیر ایتم رو تغییر بده. انگار میشه مثل یه ادمین عادی که بهش هیچی اختصاص ندادن) نقش سازنده (creator) اون زیر ایتم که ادمین بوده باید به کاربر سازنده ایتم پدرش منتقل بشه تا ادمین به ادمین عادی تبدیل بشه

وقتی اونر یکی رو از اشتراکات یه زیرایتم حذف میکنه ایتم باید برای اون کاربر حذف شه

invitations display(name, inviter, date and time)

type cant be typed!
category cant be typed
--------

the picture should be shown in the page:
if user has chosen a profile image the picture should be shown in the pages (circle) instead of the profile icon and if there is no profile image, the current icon should be there.
if both senarios the image or icon should be the button that goes to the user profile
explain in farsi.

-----------------

priority colors and adding one
نمایش جزئیات آیتم‌ها تو یه دیالوگ وقتی روشون کلیک می‌کنی
فیلتر کردن آیتم‌ها بر اساس دسته‌بندی یا اولویت
ثبت فعالیت‌های انجام‌شده توسط هر عضو
مقایسه زمان صرف‌شده با زمان تخمینی
دلیل توقف یا تأخیر در پروژه‌ها
آیا کسی باید کاری رو تموم کنه تا این مورد جلو بره؟
items display



